Add section on challenges involving membrane proteins (#163)
alchemistry/alchemical-best-practices: paper/manuscript.tex

\paragraph{Membrane proteins require additional care}
Integral membrane proteins require embedding in a suitable model membrane to remain stable during simulations. Lipids are usually not included in protein force fields and, although they may be covered by generic small molecule force fields, have often been parameterized separately (e.g., AMBER's Lipid21 \cite{AMBERLipid21} and the CHARMM lipid force field \cite{CHARMMLipidFF}). Membrane systems can be simulated in multiple thermodynamic ensembles, but the semi-isotropic scheme $NP_{z}P_{xy}T$ is frequently employed, allowing the pressure in the bilayer plane ($xy$) to scale independently \cite{LipidBestPracticesCOMS}. These systems require more extensive equilibration than soluble proteins. Some packages, such as Desmond, include a 7-step protocol to relax membrane systems. 

> Alchemical transformations that involve net charge changes can provide difficulties for membrane systems; phospholipids carry functional groups with nonzero formal charge and cannot be treated as a solvent with a uniform dielectric in the same way as water. Several approaches are reviewed in \cite{wu2022correction-51c}. The authors recommend the use of charge transfer by making an ion of equivalent charge appear alongside the disappearing charged molecule to maintain system neutrality.

Reviewer: Could we make a connection to the section 6.2.2. where charge changes are discussed? 

Also, it would be useful to mention that the suggested method is termed "co-alchemical ion"

Reviewer 2: @vgapsys one thing that @slochower and I discussed here is being specific about "charge transfer" for the co-alchemical ion. Wu & Biggin specifically mention this being the method that worked (with co-annhilation being shown to be problematic).

I'm mostly bringing this up as a this question: do we have a better wording we can use that is specific to charge transfer co-alchemical ions?

Reviewer: @IAlibay I would probably call this a specific case of a co-alchemical ion approach. In general, any of such charge conserving perturbations could be called charge transfer: in the example from Wu & Biggin, they call NaCl->0 co-annihilation. But you can also consider it as charge transfer: Cl charge of q=-1 is transferred to Na making its q go from +1 to 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alchemical transformations that involve net charge changes can provide difficulties for membrane systems; phospholipids carry functional groups with nonzero formal charge and cannot be treated as a solvent with a uniform dielectric in the same way as water. Several approaches are reviewed in \cite{wu2022correction-51c}. The authors recommend the use of a co-alchemical ion, specifically making an ion of equivalent charge appear alongside the disappearing charged molecule to maintain system neutrality.
```
How about just an adjustment like this @vgapsys ?

> In the case of a lipid-facing binding site, there are three additional challenges. First, simulation time should be extended to ensure sufficient sampling of lipid configurational space. Lipids may either bind alongside small molecules, acting as cofactors, or be displaced from the binding site by a ligand. If lipids participate in binding through protein-lipid or igand-lipid interactions, it is necessary to sample these intermolecular interactions through additional $\lambda$ windows, longer simulation times, or different alchemical protocols. Displacing a lipid will have its own free energy cost which may take a long time to converge if it requires diffusion and rearrangement of nearby lipids. Second, it may sometimes be necessary to consider the free energy cost of a ligand partitioning into the membrane \cite{doi:10.1021/acs.jcim.1c01147}. Third, the free energy of binding for a small molecule may be strongly coupled to the lipid species. In some cases, the identity of the lipid may be known. But in other cases, it may be difficult to discern the identity of the lipid from X-ray or cryo-EM structures due to the flexible nature of lipid head groups and benchmarking is recommended to match experimental data.

Reviewer: > or igand-lipid interactions

typo in "ligand"

> Second, it may sometimes be necessary to consider the free energy cost of a ligand partitioning into the membrane

In what scenarios is it necessary? The way I read the referenced paper, is that it might give some additional insight if G_obs is decomposed into G_int and G_mem, yet for affinity optimization itself one can follow the direct path of dG_complex-dG_bulk.

Author: That's true. The suggested wording was from Irfan, but I was thinking that it could depend on experimental setup, actually. For example, if there is a long pre-incubation time, the experimental potency may reflect just association with compounds already colocalized in the membrane. And second, that the ΔG decomposition can yield more insight.

Reviewer 2: > For example, if there is a long pre-incubation time, the experimental potency may reflect just association with compounds already colocalized in the membrane.

This is roughly where my head was at with this. You can optimize binding site interactions as much as possible, but if it ends up counter productive to entering the membrane, then you might end up optimizing the wrong thing.

As a compromise, how about just:

"Second, considering the free energy cost of a ligand partitioning into the membrane may provide addiitonal insights \cite{doi:10.1021/acs.jcim.1c01147}."
